Abel: “Anyways.”
Narrator: Abel looks over to Billie. 
Abel: “I’m Abel Solis, I was contacted by your group to help with a private matter. Nice to meet you.”
Narrator: Abel pulls an envelope out of his jacket and hands it to Billie. 
Narrator: Abel looks over to you while Billie reads a piece of paper from the envelope. It seems like he doesn’t want to give your information out without your permission. 
Sora: “I’m Sora Belosa. Abel is my twin brother, that’s why we look alike.”
Billie: “Oh.”
Billie: “Oh! Twins!”
Billie: “Things make more sense now.”
Narrator: You still have no idea what’s happening here.
Narrator: Billie continues to introduce itself to Abel.
Billie: “Hi, I’m Billie (my pronouns are it/its)”
Abel: “Oh, yeah, my pronouns are he/him. Sora’s pronouns are [he/him too]”
Sora: “Do I get to know what’s going on now or are we still ignoring me?”
Sora: This is starting to get frustrating. 

Abel: “There’s a group called The Council of Logistical Controls, they requested that I help them with a matter regarding…”
Narrator: Abel trails off, grimacing.
Abel: “...Dad’s lab studies.”
Narrator: You hadn’t known much of anything about your father, especially after he and Mom separated. 
Narrator: You find yourself feeling happy about learning a new fact about him.
Sora: “I didn’t know you were into science, Abel.”
Narrator: Abel cringes.
Abel: “I’m not.”
Abel: “Also what Dad was doing could barely be considered science. His work was really…weird.”
Narrator: Billie perks up at that comment.
Billie: “That’s not true! Dr. Solis’ experiments were amazing, I’ve read through them all (several times). He was really gifted at the work the council threw at him.”
Narrator: Abel rolls his eyes.
Abel: “I meant that his work was less scientific, more magic bullshit.”

Sora: “Magic is real?”
Abel: “Sora, you got here via gravitational portal. Yes, magic is real.”
Sora: “So Dad knew magic? Do you know magic?”
Abel: “Kind of, Dad studied magic. He couldn’t actually do much from what I saw.”
Abel: “Also, I can do some spells (but they are pretty weak.)”
Narrator: You are amazed and pretty sure you must be dreaming.
Narrator: You pinch yourself on the arm.
Abel: “You aren’t asleep, this is all real. (Unfortunately)”
Sora: “What do you mean? This is so cool!”
Narrator: Abel goes to say something before cutting himself off and starting again.
Abel: “Right, I forgot you aren’t used to this sort of thing.”
Abel: “Listen Sora, the people and magic users that called me here…they aren’t nice. There’s going to be a lot of fighting if you want to stay here with me.”
Abel: “I’d rather you be safe at home with Mom while I’m here doing business.”
Abel: “I can’t stop you if you want to be here, but it’s going to be rough.”
Choice: {“I understand.”} or {“I have to stay.”}

Next: 0021 or 0023