{“I have to stay.”} - [+5 for Abel’s Favor]
Narrator: You begin to tear up.
Sora: “You can’t leave me again, you just came back.”
Sora: “Besides, if it’s going to be dangerous then I don’t want you going alone.”
Sora: “I’m staying.”
Narrator: Abel audibly sobs and clings to you in a loose hug. 
Abel: “I love you so much.”
Abel: “You don’t have to worry about me leaving ever again, I’m right here.”
Abel: “(I’m so glad to have someone I trust by my side.)”
Narrator: You find all of this very touching, until you remember that Billie was right there to hear you both getting emotional.
Narrator: As Abel pulls back, he tugs up a bit of your shirt and blows his nose into it. The heartfelt moment could not be more over.
Sora: “Ugh, jerk.”
Narrator: You push Abel away in an exaggerated fashion. He laughs. 

Billie: “If you two are done with that, I need to check in with Connor and take you to Maeve. (I’m not sure, she’ll be happy about there being two of you.)”
Abel: “Lead the way.”
Screen fades to black.
~Short Time Skip~
Screen fades back in.
Narrator: Billie leads the party through a set of maze-like hallways. 
Narrator: The group stops at an open doorway, Billie knocks on the wall beside it.
SFX: Knock.
Narrator: Despite there being three people in the room, only two look up at your entrance. The person sitting on the ground seems engrossed until they’re nudged by the person standing next to them.
??? [Floris]: “(Lena, there’s guests.)”
Narrator: The person you assume to be Lena gathers up a few papers on the floor into a pile before standing. Lena walks straight over to your group.
??? [Lena]: “[Hi, I’m Lena! My pronouns are xe/xir! It’s a blessing to meet you!]” 
[Game Note: Text in brackets, mainly Lena shouting, are meant to be larger font size.]
Narrator: Xe shouts the entire introduction. Xe is so close that xir shouting actually hurts your ears a bit.
??? [Floris]: “Lena, too loud!” & ??? [Connor]: “Stop yelling.”
Lena: “(Sorry.)”
Narrator: Lena walks back over to the corner of the room xe had been sitting in and drops to the floor again. Xe put the papers back on the floor and resumes going over them. 
Narrator: The person in the chair rolls their eyes before speaking.
??? [Connor]: “Sorry about Lena.”
??? [Connor]: “I’m Connor the Useful. I make the portals to help people get around.”
{[Gender dependent dialogue - Fem!Sora]: 
Narrator: Connor looks over to you and winks. 
Connor: “Always happy to help a lady in need.”
Narrator: Abel shifts in front of you at the comment. You can’t see his face, but he probably isn’t happy.}
Narrator: Connor seems to be finished talking now.
??? [Floris]: “Ahem!”
Connor: “Right, right.”
Connor: “He/Him.”
Narrator: The last person walks past Connor over to you.
??? [Floris]: “Hi! I’m Floris and my pronouns are she/her.”
Floris: “I’m excited to meet new people! Maeve said someone would be coming, but I guess there’s two of you, huh?”
Narrator: Floris looks at you and Abel, awaiting an explanation.
Choice: {“What do you mean? There’s only one of me.”} or {“I’m not sure why I’m here, actually.”}

Next: 0024 or 0025