Abel: “This feels like overkill. Sora shouldn’t have to prove himself to stay.”
Abel: “I didn’t have to.”
Maeve: “You have proven your merit through the knowledge you have. (Though you continue to test my patience.)”
Maeve: “Sora must show the capabilities to at least protect himself. Otherwise, he will be deemed a liability. It’s hard enough to protect one defenseless person here-”
Sora: “Hey!”
Narrator: They turn towards you.
Sora: “I already agreed. Let’s just get this over with.”
Maeve: “Yes, let’s.”
Narrator: Maeve calls Billie back in.
Maeve: “Billie, please retrieve the others and bring them to the clearing.”
Billie: “Sure thing.”
Screen fades to black.
~ Time Skip ~
Screen fades back in.
Narrator: After Billie comes back with the others in tow, Maeve leads you all to a small clearing at the edge of the garden. 
Maeve: “Connor and Floris, I would like you to take Sora and Billie on in a fight.”
Connor: “(Sick, things were starting to get boring around here.)” & Billie: “(What? Why do I have to fight with the new guy?)”
Maeve: “Quiet.”
Maeve: “This is a spar, so nothing deadly. Dirty fighting is allowed, but no major damage. Try not to hold back though, I want to see if Sora has any fighting potential.”
Abel: “Why aren’t Lena and I fighting too?”
Narrator: Maeve looks displeased at the interruption from Abel.
Maeve: “I want a fair chance.”
Maeve: “Now, if there are no other objections. You may begin.”
Narrator: As soon as her sentence ended and Maeve stepped back, a portal appeared in front of you. A hand reached out and grabbed the front of your shirt, pulling you into the portal. 

~ Begin Fight! ~
[Game Note: Not terribly sure what I want the game mechanics for fighting to be. I liked the idea Moth had to do turn-ish based combat where the time matters.]
[Author’s Note: Connor takes the first swing because of course he does, I want it to cut down a decent chunk of health too. ¼ or ⅓ probably.]
~ End Fight! ~ [Determination: {Major Loss}, {Loss}, or {Win}]

Next: 0030, 0032, 0033