Narrator: After that, you and Maeve sat in a peaceful quiet for the rest of the remaining hour.
Narrator: A commotion startled you out of the silence.
Narrator: The stone walls shuddered.
Narrator: Rocks fell from the walls, tumbling to the ground and splattering the water from the pond.
Narrator: You and Maeve sprung to your feet.
Narrator: Maeve flung the stone door open like it was nothing.
Narrator: You sprinted down the halls, following quickly after Maeve, when the compound shook so violently that it knocked you to the ground.
Narrator: The strike knocked you off balance, but it seemed like Maeve had no problems brushing it off. 
Narrator: Maeve reached a hand to steady yourself with and you gladly took it.
Narrator: Making it to the room the portal first appeared in, you found the source of the shaking walls.
Narrator: Inhuman monsters, twisting and wriggling through the doors.
Narrator: The ocean of creatures was dragging away Lena.
Narrator: You found yourself a little relieved as you spotted Abel off to the side, reaching into his jacket to find something.
Narrator: A weapon, you hoped. 
Narrator: You looked around, hoping to find a weapon to better defend yourself when you spotted a broom in the corner of the room.
Narrator: You ran over, kicking the head of the broom off and preparing yourself to fight.
Narrator: You heard him scream before you saw the wave spill over onto Abel, knocking him out. 
Narrator: Maeve stood by, shaking as she watched her comrades be consumed by the darkness.
Choice: {Get her to do something!} or {Do something yourself!}

Next: 0040 or 0042

